The flowers of September
Days that I remember or just try
To represent it tenderly
Shame on you, surrender
To the system like I do
Cowardly
And through the alleyways
We lost control
Dreaming of the ocean
Hey, what's going on?
It's not so hard thinking of a way
To become
Ah, anywhere so far
Is it hard to see?
Don't know where we are
And what we may find
The flowers of September
Blooming on a desert of my mind
Is there a place where we can breathe?
I see you by the pathway
Golden lips and fire heart
Charmingly
And through the alleyways
We lost control
Dreaming of the ocean
Ah, anywhere so far
Is it hard to see?
Don't know where we are
And what we may find here
Or what we may try so hard to see